Ensure constant-time fake credential response (#227)
cfrg/draft-irtf-cfrg-opaque: draft-irtf-cfrg-opaque.md

8. Output response
~~~

In the case of a record that does not exist and if client enumeration prevention is desired,

> the server must respond to the credential request to fake the existence of the record.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the server MUST respond to the credential request to fake the existence of the record.
```

The server SHOULD invoke the CreateCredentialResponse function with a fake client record
argument that is configured so that:

- record.client_public_key is set to a randomly generated public key of length Npk
- record.masking_key is set to a random byte string of length Nh
- record.envelope is set to the byte string consisting only of zeros of length Ne

> It is RECOMMENDED that a fake client record is created once (e.g. as the first user record
> of the application), and then readily available during the application's lifetime. This ensures
> relative constant-time access and processing of the record compared to a legitimate client record,
> avoiding timing leaks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is RECOMMENDED that a fake client record is created once (e.g. as the first user record
of the application) and stored alongside legitimate client records. This allows servers to locate
the record in time comparable to that of a legitimate client record.
```

> In the generated test vectors from {{fake-vectors}}, we use `client_public_key` for this record's

Reviewer: This should move to the test vector section, rather than be listed here.
